1. create a project DataCenter, create an app cooling.

in the browser if i send: http://127.0.0.1:8000/get_temp/   

the response of the above url is : 27.56. This response should show in the browser.

2. create a form to take the details of a person for institure course.
3. need to show the form created above(2nd assignment) for the url: http://127.0.0.1:8000/create_person/
4. create project called ERP
5. Create atleast 5 different apps. Each app contains atleast two models.
 do makemigrations and migrate to DB. out of 2  models  one model should contains your own primarykey. 
6. Create atleast 5 different apps. Each app contains atleast two models.
 do makemigrations and migrate to DB. out of 2  models  one model should contains your own primarykey. 
Add foreignkey and manytomany relations among the app models. 
And create atleast five records for each model using shell tool.
7. Add atleast one foreignkey and one manytomanyfield in each app of the assignment6
    insert atleast 15 records for each model. And write a code in shell to grep the details from 
   each table of all apps
8. develop the study space application.
9. develop a basic html page with maximum tags in html, use inlilne, internal, external
    style concept in this page.
10. impliment the cocepts in the project ->login, logout, session management, login decorator
11. handling the uploads for the project using media folder
12. User tracking for every record in django DB. Who is creaed, when it is created, who is updated, when it is updated.
13. write a project for document handling: i.e soft copy of library.

14. Write a model which tracks the row baseed on the login user: i.e every row shoul update with the four fields.
	1. created_by
	2. updated_by
	3.created_date
	4. updated_date
	5. deleted_by
	Note: if the user sends the delete request. should not delte the record from data
		base. follow one status field. incorporate this status fuctionality in entire 
   		record processing.
	TRY THIS: To accomplish the above job, you may write the code in views. Instead of
		handling this features in views, try from model or use any other concept
		in django.
15. If you provide an authenticaion from other autentication management systems
(google, facebook)Filter the records of the webapp based on the roles. if the role== manager. He should be
in the position to do all operations. If he is a normal user he should be in the position to modify 
his records only,but have an option to see all records.
16. The chanllenge in the above assignment is you got user from other authentication 
      management(google, facebook)(i.e SSO single sign on). Should be in the position to '
     listout the records,but he should not have update or delete operations permissions.

